	Sean looks up at the night sky, "Still can't see the stars," for as
 long as he can remember, the New York sky has been a thick blanket of smog.
He closes his eyes and imagines what the blue sky his mom and grandma often
reminisced about looked like. Sean begins to hear his facemask beeping...
He has to head into the city shelter that houses most of New York.
	When he arrives at the shelter, he is escorted into the office of the
head of security and instructed to stand at the end of a line of other young 
boys. He spots his friend Peter at the other end of the room, and the two
exchange a worried look. He stands there for another 30 minutes while other
youths are added to the line, some he knows, some he's never seen before. 
There is an air of anxiety as the last boy is escorted in and they are left 
in silence. 
	Sean and Peter could not believe what happened next. It turns out this
was not just a normal shelter. This was a secret training facility. Apparantly,
1000 years ago, there was a great war with an alien species. It was this war that
caused the blanket of smog that covers New York. The aliens are coming back in 5 years.
The government needs all of the people that they can get. That is why this training 
facility exists. Sean and Peter couldn't keep up with the intense and rigorous training at first,
but as time went on they got better. They got stronger. A little too strong for
a normal human being. Their mind adjusted too. They got ruthless. A little too
ruthless for what a human should be capable of. After 10 long years of training...
	Sean and Peter were ready to confront the aliens who had destroyed the world he knew
five years prior to the end of their training. As they made their way out of the training facility,
they began to equip themselves with all the gear necessary for alien extermination. Sean was ready to
 restore the world and uncover the blue skies he had heard so much about as a kid.
	The war was long and devastating. Much blood was shed, but alas, the human army prevailed.
After the last remaining aliens departed Earth following the surrender, Sean began to notice changes
in his surroundings. The trees were slowly beginning to grow new leaves, the wildlife was just starting
to repopulate, the rivers were beginning to clear up, and most importantly, the smog was visibly lifting.
It took just about six months, but sure enough, the environment healing efforts proved successful as
one night, Sean looked out from his balcony and saw the first star he had ever seen.
